docs: add note on AggregateError to README of browser chapter 02 (#27)
libp2p/js-libp2p-examples: chat/browser/02-Multiaddrs/README.md

# Chapter 02 - Multiaddrs

> **Note**: For this chapter, you can get the multiaddr of the peer to dial by running the Bootstrap node as mentioned in the [browser README](../README.md). Running the node will result in the Bootstrap addresses being printed. Also expect to have an AggregateError in console as your connection needs to be upgraded. See [#25](/../../issues/25) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For this chapter, you can get the multiaddr of the peer to dial by running the Bootstrap node as mentioned in the [browser README](../README.md). Running the node will result in the Bootstrap addresses being printed. Also expect to have an AggregateError in console as you will need to complete Chapter 03 before a full connection can be established. See [#25](/../../issues/25) for more details.
```
```suggestion
**Note**: For this chapter, you can get the multiaddr of the peer to dial by running the Bootstrap node as mentioned in the [browser README](../README.md). Running the node will result in the Bootstrap addresses being printed. Also expect to have an AggregateError in console as your connection needs to be upgraded. See [#25](/../../issues/25) for more details.
```
